Write down version policy (#12491)
ethereum/solidity: docs/installing-solidity.rst

Versioning
==========

> Solidity versions mostly follow `Semantic Versioning <https://semver.org>`_.  We make

Reviewer: Why `mostly`?

Reviewer: Ah ok, because of the below. Maybe we should use something like "npm's flavour of semver"?

Author: The official notes from NPM on SemVer are at https://docs.npmjs.com/about-semantic-versioning

They no longer recommend doing 0.x releases.

Author: Addressed below

> Solidity versions mostly follow `Semantic Versioning <https://semver.org>`_.  We make
> an assurance in addition to SemVer that we will not introduce breaking changes into a patch
> level release. That means if you are using 0.x.y, then you can expect everything to work
> the same or better with 0.x.z with z > y.

Reviewer: What about something like this?
```suggestion
Solidity versions follow `Semantic Versioning <https://semver.org>`_. We follow npm's
extension of Semantic Versioning in that before the 1.0.0 release, patch level releases
do not contain breaking changes. That means code that compiles with version 0.x.y
can be expected to compile with .x.z with z > y as well.
```

Author: Thank you, added. But also want to remove the npm note because [citation needed]

Author: Also updated with 39c8087d49876cfcfe5f10f02cda71e46795bd7e

> The nightly builds are not guaranteed to be working and despite best efforts they might

Reviewer: I think it would be nice to frame this a bit more positively - nightly builds are usually very stable and we want to encourage people to try them out to get feedback as early as possible.

Reviewer 2: It's actually pretty much unchanged from how it was before. It was just moved :) But I agree that it could be framed better. How about this:

```rst
in addition to releases, we provide **nightly development builds** with the intention of making it easy
for developers to try out upcoming features and provide early feedback. Note, however, that while
the nightly builds are usually very stable, they contain bleeding-edge code from the development branch
and are not guaranteed to be always working. Despite our best efforts, they might contain undocumented
and/or broken changes that will not become a part of an actual release. They are not meant for production
use.
```

Author: Thank you @cameel  added at f71b3de3d93598f534f15f660235c4bd3c78b5bd.

Looks great

contain undocumented and/or broken changes. We recommend using the latest release. Package
installers below will use the latest release.

> When deploying contracts, you should use the latest released version of Solidity. This

Reviewer: Now this paragraph reads a bit unmotivated :(

Author: This should be fixed with update above at f71b3de3d93598f534f15f660235c4bd3c78b5bd.

Yes?
